Initial template (#1)
jupyter/team-compass-template: {{cookiecutter.directory_name}}/docs/team/member-guide.md

(membership_guidelines)=

# Membership guidelines

> This page holds resources for members of the JupyterLab Council.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page holds resources for members of the {{cookiecutter.team_name}} Council.
```

   can communicate it to the others.
5. **Foster open and inclusive discussion**. As a team member, you are
   responsible for ensuring that conversation in our communities is positive
   and inclusive. Open public issues to discuss things with the team. Try to
   do most communication in public spaces where others can join, or
   report back to team members if important conversations happened offline.
   When creating issues, provide enough context so that others can understand
   and provide their input. Encourage feedback and input from others
   often, and be patient when merging code - it is almost better to
   wait a bit for an approval than to self-merge.

## When should I merge a pull request?

As a team member, you're encouraged to help others contribute to the project
by reviewing their code, guiding them towards making a contribution and
improving it, and ultimately merging their contribution into the project.

Having merge rights is both a privilege and a responsibility - please be
thoughtful when using it! To that extent, here are a few guidelines when
deciding to merge things into one of our repositories:

> * **Use your best judgment**. As a member of the JupyterLab Council, we trust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Use your best judgment**. As a member of the {{cookiecutter.team_name}} Council, we trust
```
